docs: the PR to end all PRs maybe (#681)
catppuccin/userstyles: docs/userstylesyml.md

Reviewer: Feels odd having a separate file for this and also a section for the `userstyles.yml` file in the `userstyle-creation.md` document. 

Maybe better to move all the information from this file and into there?

<p align="center">
  <h2 align="center">📖 <code>userstyles.yml</code></h2>
</p>

<p align="center">
	A guide to all things <a href="../scripts/userstyles.yml"><code>userstyles.yml</code></a>.
</p>

&nbsp;

### Table of Contents

<!--toc:start-->
- [Adding a new userstyle](#adding-a-new-userstyle)
- [Adding yourself as a maintainer](#adding-yourself-as-a-maintainer)
- [Removing yourself as a maintainer](#removing-yourself-as-a-maintainer)
<!--toc:end-->

### Adding a new userstyle
> [!NOTE]

> > The READMEs for each port (and many other areas of this repository) are auto-generated by scripts in [`scripts/generate/`](../scripts/generate). The [`userstyles.yml`](../scripts/userstyles.yml) file is responsible for holding the necessary data for the automated workflows.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this note could be converted into an introduction at the top of this document?

[`userstyles.schema.json`](../scripts/userstyles.schema.json) is the schema
specification for `userstyles.yml`. The properties in the following instructions are based
on the schema. Please refer to it for clarification.

> 1. Add your name to the list of collaborators, please refer to the
>    [Adding yourself as a maintainer](#adding-yourself-as-a-maintainer) section for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. See [Adding yourself as a maintainer](#adding-yourself-as-a-maintainer).
```

and become a member of the [`userstyles-maintainers` team](https://github.com/orgs/catppuccin/teams/userstyles-maintainers).
As a maintainer you will be expected to:
  - Review and merge PRs for the userstyle you maintain.
  - Keep the userstyle up to date with the latest changes. If you no longer wish to maintain a userstyle, see [Removing yourself as a maintainer](#removing-yourself-as-a-maintainer).
  - Follow our code of conduct and guidelines.

### Removing yourself as a maintainer

To remove yourself as a maintainer, you will need to move your username from the
`current-maintainers` array to the `past-maintainers` array for each of the userstyles you no longer wish to maintain. In the example for YouTube below, the user `elkrien` has been moved from the `current-maintainers` array to the `past-maintainers` array.

```diff
userstyles:
  youtube:
    name: YouTube
    categories: [entertainment, social_networking, photo_and_video]
    icon: youtube
    color: red
    readme:
      app-link: "https://youtube.com"
-     current-maintainers: [*isabelroses, *elkrien]
-     past-maintainers: []
+     current-maintainers: [*isabelroses]
+     past-maintainers: [*elkrien]

> If you would not like to be listed as a past maintainer, you can remove yourself form

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would not like to be listed as a past maintainer, you can remove yourself from
```

<p align="center">

>   <h2 align="center">📖 `userstyles.yml`</h2>

Reviewer: We can't mix HTML and Markdown, I believe you want the following:

```suggestion
  <h2 align="center">📖 <code>userstyles.yml</code></h2>
```

</p>

<p align="center">

> 	A guide to all things <a href="../scripts/userstyles.yml">`userstyles.yml`</a>.

Reviewer: See comment above

```suggestion
	A guide to all things <a href="../scripts/userstyles.yml">userstyles.yml</a>.
```

</p>

&nbsp;

### Table of Contents

<!--toc:start-->

- [Adding a new userstyle](#adding-a-new-userstyle)
- [Adding yourself as a maintainer](#adding-yourself-as-a-maintainer)
- [Removing yourself as a maintainer](#removing-yourself-as-a-maintainer)

<!--toc:end-->

### Adding a new userstyle

> ### `userstyles.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   ```

   `All Fields:`

   These extra `usage` & `faq` keys will ensure that you can add important
   information about the port to the README.

   The `icon` key is best explained the schema specification itself.

   The `past-maintainers` key is a list of people who have maintained the port
   in the past. We encourage all maintainers to add/remove themselves from this
   list as they see fit.

   Remember that these 5 fields are **optional**.

   ```yaml
   <port>:
     name: <name>
     categories: [<primary-category>, <optional-secondary-category>, <optional-third-category>]
     color: <color>
     icon: <icon>                                    # OPTIONAL
     readme:
       app-link: "<url>"
       usage: |+                                     # OPTIONAL
         > [!NOTE]
         > <your notes>
       faq:                                          # OPTIONAL
         - question: <question>
           answer: <answer>
       current-maintainers: [*<github-username>]
       past-maintainers: [*<github-username>]        # OPTIONAL
   ```

### Adding yourself as a maintainer

To add yourself as a maintainer, you need to add your GitHub username to the

> `maintainers` array in the `userstyles.yml` file. This file is located in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`collaborators` array in the `userstyles.yml` file. This file is located in the
```

> `scripts` directory. The `maintainers` array, is an array of objects, each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`scripts` directory. The `collaborators` array, is an array of objects, each
```

object should contain a `name` and a `url` key. And optionally a `name` key,
which is your preferred name.

```yaml

> maintainers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collaborators:
```

  - &your-username
    name: Your Preferred Name
    url: https://github.com/your-username
```

Then you need to add your username to the `current-maintainers` array in for the
userstyle you want to maintain, in this case `youtube`.

```yaml
userstyles:
  youtube:
    name: YouTube
    categories: [entertainment, social_networking, photo_and_video]
    icon: youtube
    color: red
    readme:
      app-link: "https://youtube.com"

>       current-maintainers: [*isabelroses *your-username]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      current-maintainers: [*isabelroses, *your-username]
```

      past-maintainers: [*elkrien]
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we should add some information on what happens after they get added as a maintainer. E.g. They'll be added to the `userstyle-maintainers` GitHub team.

Also some information on what is expected of them as a maintainer?

Author: I'm unsure what to add about what is expected of a maintainer.

Reviewer 2: - Responsibility to merge PRs that they maintain for
- Code of conduct and being respectful to other maintainers and contributors
- Keeping theme up to date (totally fine if they can't anymore, but they should remove themselves from the list so it is marked as possibly not fully working)

### Removing yourself as a maintainer

To remove yourself as a maintainer, you need to remove your username from the
`current-maintainers` array for the userstyles you wish to no longer maintain,
and add yourself to the `past-maintainers` array. In the example of youtube
below, `elkrien` has been removed from the `current-maintainers` array and added
to the `past-maintainers` array.

```yaml
userstyles:
  youtube:
    name: YouTube
    categories: [entertainment, social_networking, photo_and_video]
    icon: youtube
    color: red
    readme:
      app-link: "https://youtube.com"
      current-maintainers: [*isabelroses]
      past-maintainers: [*elkrien]
```

If you prefer not to be listed as a past maintainer, you can remove yourself for

> maintainers array entirely.

Reviewer: Maybe just one more sentence saying that they'll be removed from the `userstyle-maintainers` GitHub team?

<p align="center">
  <h2 align="center">📖 <code>userstyles.yml</code></h2>
</p>

<p align="center">
	A guide to all things <a href="../scripts/userstyles.yml"><code>userstyles.yml</code></a>.
</p>

&nbsp;

### Table of Contents

<!--toc:start-->

- [Adding a new userstyle](#adding-a-new-userstyle)
- [Adding yourself as a maintainer](#adding-yourself-as-a-maintainer)
- [Removing yourself as a maintainer](#removing-yourself-as-a-maintainer)

<!--toc:end-->

### Adding a new userstyle

> **Please note that the `README`s for each port are auto-generated by scripts
> defined in [`scripts/generate/`](../scripts/generate)**, along with many other parts of
> this repository. This file, [`userstyles.yml`](../scripts/userstyles.yml), is responsible for holding the
> necessary data to auto-generate everything.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The READMEs for each port (and many other areas of this repository) are auto-generated by scripts in [`scripts/generate/`](../scripts/generate). The [`userstyles.yml`](../scripts/userstyles.yml) file is responsible for holding the necessary data for the automated workflows.
```

> [`userstyles.schema.json`](../scripts/userstyles.schema.json) is the schema
> specification for this file. The fields in the following instructions are based
> on the schema:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`userstyles.schema.json`](../scripts/userstyles.schema.json) is the schema
specification for `userstyles.yml`. The properties in the following instructions are based
on the schema. Please refer to it for clarification.
```

> 1. Add your name to the list of collaborators.

Reviewer 2: Why is there a step here that repeats the same stuff as on line 93? We should link to that section instead I think.

Author: Fair argument.

   ```yaml
   collaborators:
     - &<github-username>

>      name: <your name, this is optional>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     name: <preferred-name> # OPTIONAL
```

     url: https://github.com/<github-username>
   ```

> 2. Locate the `userstyles` section and add your port to the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Locate the `userstyles` section and add your port (in alphabetical order, please!) to the list.
```

Author: No need for the brackets in my option

>    You should make changes to everything wrapped in `<>` and remove the `<>`
>    characters. If you need help with any of the fields, you should refer to
>    other ports in the `userstyle.yml` file. If you would like extra guidance,
>    you can ask for help in the pull request or join our
>    [Discord](https://discord.com/servers/catppuccin-907385605422448742).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You should make changes to everything wrapped in `<>` and remove the `<>`
   characters. If you need help with any of the fields, refer to
   other ports in the `userstyles.yml` file. If you would like extra guidance,
   you can ask for help in the pull request or join our
   [Discord](https://discord.com/servers/catppuccin-907385605422448742).
```

`collaborators` array in the `userstyles.yml` file. This file is located in the
`scripts` directory. The `collaborators` array, is an array of objects, each
object should contain a `name` and a `url` key. And optionally a `name` key,
which is your preferred name.

```yaml
collaborators:
  - &your-username
    name: Your Preferred Name
    url: https://github.com/your-username
```

Then you need to add your username to the `current-maintainers` array in for the
userstyle you want to maintain, in this case `youtube`..

```yaml
userstyles:
  youtube:
    name: YouTube
    categories: [entertainment, social_networking, photo_and_video]
    icon: youtube
    color: red
    readme:
      app-link: "https://youtube.com"
      current-maintainers: [*isabelroses, *your-username]
      past-maintainers: [*elkrien]
```

If the change is accepted, you will receive a invite to the `catppuccin` organization, 
and become a member of the [`userstyles-maintainers` team](https://github.com/orgs/catppuccin/teams/userstyles-maintainers).
As a maintainer you will be expected to:
  - Review and merge PRs for the userstyle you maintain.

>   - Keep the userstyle up to date with the latest changes, if you no longer wish to maintain the userstyle see [Removing yourself as a maintainer](#removing-yourself-as-a-maintainer).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Keep the userstyle up to date with the latest changes. If you no longer wish to maintain a userstyle, see [Removing yourself as a maintainer](#removing-yourself-as-a-maintainer).
```

  - Follow our code of conduct and guidelines.

### Removing yourself as a maintainer

> To remove yourself as a maintainer, you need to remove your username from the
> `current-maintainers` array for the userstyles you wish to no longer maintain,
> and add yourself to the `past-maintainers` array. In the example of youtube
> below, `elkrien` has been removed from the `current-maintainers` array and added
> to the `past-maintainers` array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To remove yourself as a maintainer, you will need to move your username from the
`current-maintainers` array to the `past-maintainers` array for each of the userstyles you no longer wish to maintain. In the example for YouTube below, the user `elkrien` has been moved from the `current-maintainers` array to the `past-maintainers` array.
```

> ```yaml
> userstyles:
>   youtube:
>     name: YouTube
>     categories: [entertainment, social_networking, photo_and_video]
>     icon: youtube
>     color: red
>     readme:
>       app-link: "https://youtube.com"
>       current-maintainers: [*isabelroses]
>       past-maintainers: [*elkrien]
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```diff
userstyles:
  youtube:
    name: YouTube
    categories: [entertainment, social_networking, photo_and_video]
    icon: youtube
    color: red
    readme:
      app-link: "https://youtube.com"
-     current-maintainers: [*isabelroses, *elkrien]
-     past-maintainers: []
+     current-maintainers: [*isabelroses]
+     past-maintainers: [*elkrien]
```
```

If you prefer not to be listed as a past maintainer, you can remove yourself for
maintainers array entirely. Furthermore, removing yourself from the `collaborators` 

> array will also remove you from the `userstyles-maintainers` team.

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't read very clearly, hard to explain why lol.

Reviewer 3: > This sentence doesn't read very clearly, hard to explain why lol.

maybe it should be the following? (emphasis mine)

"If you prefer not to be listed as a past maintainer, you can remove yourself from
maintainers array entirely. Furthermore, removing yourself from the collaborators 
array will also remove you from the userstyles-maintainers team."

<p align="center">

>   <h2 align="center">📖 Userstyle Creation</h2>

Reviewer 2: Title needs to be changed?

</p>

<p align="center">

> 	A guide to all things [`userstyles.yml`](../scripts/userstyles.yml).

Reviewer 2: Not sure if markdown links will work next to HTML.
